Document how to achieve non-divergent dist-git branches (#785)
packit/packit.dev: docs/fedora-releases-guide.md

    /packit pull-from-upstream --with-pr-config

## Keeping dist-git branches non-divergent
Packit currently syncs the release in a way that the branches become divergent (you can follow 
the request to change this behaviour [here](https://github.com/packit/packit/issues/1724)). 

However, if you wish to keep your dist-git branches in sync, you can configure Packit to propose updates exclusively 

> to `rawhide` (by specifying `dist_git_branches: fedora-rawhide`) and you can locally merge the branches. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `rawhide` (by specifying `dist_git_branches: fedora-rawhide`) and you can locally merge it with stable release branches. 
```

The following example demonstrates how to achieve this for a single branch (`f39` in this case):
```bash
# Clone the dist-git repository if you haven't done so already

> git clone ssh://$YOUR_USER@pkgs.fedoraproject.org/rpms/$PACKAGE.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fedpkg clone $PACKAGE
or
git clone ssh://$YOUR_USER@pkgs.fedoraproject.org/rpms/$PACKAGE.git
```
